# Meta-Humans

A new type of Human created by Rosetta. You are one of them.
After the mysterious silver door opened, the catastrophe came to this world. Human civilization has fallen in the invasion of Stardust pollution and abnormal forms. For 30 years, human beings have been struggling to survive in the mud. Until... You wake up. Some extraordinary people called "Meta-Humans" have appeared in this last world. Starting from the desolation, you have accumulated little by little the resources for survival, healed the land polluted by Stardust inch by inch, and recaptured one by one the sites of human civilization occupied by deformities. 



STORY[]



There have been countless organizations secretly researching the origin of species and civilizations in human history. The most successful organization in modern times is the "Rosetta", whose predecessor was the Rosetta Institute established in 1967 by French human historian Professor Rachael-Pierre-Luberni, who discovered the Rosetta Stone. Rosetta was dedicated to the study of pre-human civilization and pan-cosmology. Then it gradually became a multinational giant in the communication and information industry in public perception, and secretly extended all around the world. Professor Luberni devoted himself to the research on the evolution of ancient human civilizations in his early years. He believed that in human history, there was a civilization that clearly transcended the boundaries of human thinking and ability at that time. Exploring the secrets behind these civilizations would help mankind bring new changes to the modern civilization that had been completely stagnant. With the support of his friend and collaborator Samuel Lowe, Luberni obtained the Rosetta Stone in 1967 and deduced the material from it that did not belong to the Earth.
After extracting the substance, some of the researchers who did not take strict protection were infected and mutated. This substance was the Stardust that would bring catastrophe in the future. It turned out that they have appeared on the earth a long time ago and affected human beings. At the urging of Samuel, Luberni launched Rosetta's space physics project. They reorganized the Rosetta Society into the Rosetta Technology Group and increased funding to Nalcott University in order to conduct their research. In secret, they led the "Silver Key Project",  trying to open and strengthen the influence of heterospace on Stardust.



A few years later, the project "Silver Key" entered the final stage. The core laboratory of  Rosetta located under the Nalcott city activated the quantum tunneling apparatus, trying to open up the superposition space connecting the heterospace. With the dazzling flash, a spherical bubble gradually appeared above the target area, and a large number of unprecedented energy fluctuations dissipated from the quantum tunneling apparatus. It was initially indistinguishable to humans, so the sleeping Stardust was instantly activated and began to infect, multiply, and spread. Then the Nalcott City incident occurred, and a large number of creatures and humans were infected  and gradually turned into monsters. The Rosetta organization still had time to close the "Silver Gate" to end this catastrophe, but its management, especially Samuel Lowe, was unwilling to stop it. This disaster proved that they have been fighting in the right direction, and it was important for them to hold the key to the future firmly. Having achieved energy control, Rosetta actually mastered the way to control Stardust. They chose to cut ties with governments around the world, allowing the stardust to wreak havoc and even lead it to spread. This also led to the collapse of humanity in the ensuing 30 years.
The collapse of the world did not end Rosetta's ultimate goal, but instead made them achieve unprecedented results. They deeply integrated with stardust and heterospace energy, then gave birth to a new type of human being called Meta-Human. The Meta-Humans had physical qualities far beyond that of normal humans and can control extraordinary powers. The nine most important Meta-Humans called “The Nine”，which means the flesh of God.
However, Rosetta could not destroy the free will of human beings. Several members of The Nine and technicians escaped from Rosetta and formed the organization "Mayfly" to fight against Rosetta's conspiracy, Until now, they keep helping the human who are struggling to survive. They also try to save the Meta-Humans samples from Rosetta, inviting them to join the mayfly to grow their organization. Our player is one of the rescued Meta-Humans.
