# Prime War

The Prime War (often shortened to "Prime War") is a multiplayer event found within the Manibus and Manibus (Novice) servers in which multiple Meta-Humans gather to defeat a Manibus controlled Boss.

Information[]
The Prime War is a Player-vs-Envrionment (PvE) World Event that can be manually initiated by any player from Phase 2 onwards with a short cooldown of 10 minutes between attempts (successful or failed) at pre-determined locations within Nalcott. During this event, Metas are often advised to work together with a large collection of weapons, explosives and building materials to defend the Starioid Restrainer from attack by both the Manibus controlled boss and its' minions.
To help aid in protection of the Staroid Restrainer, all Metas within the Prime War Bounderies are allowed to construct bases and defenses similar to that of a typical building plan, such as placing Foundations, Walls, Frames, Roofs and Turrets, including Turret Lv.1 and Turret Lv.2 (Formally known as "Gatling Cannons") which can fire powerful explosives against the boss.
Once the Staroid Restrainer is activated, a message is sent in World Chat notifying all active players that a Prime War is starting and a 5 minute timer begins, allowing players to teleport to the location for free similarly to other Public Events (such as Dig to Hell, Where Does Disco Go?, Surge of Fish, etc etc.). After the 5 minute initial phase has ended, a Manibus controlled boss will emerge from a nearby pool of Silver Liquid and will make its' way towards the Staroid Restrainer, pausing only to destroy structures within its' path or to spawn minions to do their bidding.
ALL Boses are equipped with a Silver Plague Shield which require explosives and heavy weaponry to destroy, during which time, conventional weapons will do almost no damage to the boss. It is extremely advised that some or most Metas come equipped with building supplies, Gattling Cannons and Explosive Ammo (such as Biomass Missiles and/or Red Plasma Missiles) as to do damage to the bosses shields. If Metas do not bring these vital requirements, the boss will slaughter everything in its' path to the Staroid Restrainer.
If Metas are successful in destroying the Silver Plague Shield, the boss will become vulnerable to conventional weaponry and debuffs (such as Fire, Frost Vortex, Bull's Eye etc etc). If Metas manage to deal enough damage within a short period of time, the boss will enter an Invulnerable Stage and if Metas do not reach that stage fast enough, a new Silver Plague Shield will be applied and require destroying again before the next stage can be performed. Once the Invulnerable Stage is reached, the boss will perform a very action unique to each boss and Metas must respond accordingly, such as the Ravenous Hunter Boss will fire several times into the sky, spawning a gigantic missile above the battlefield which Metas must destroy before it lands, or it can explode and set multiple buildings and Metas on fire (or potentially cause them to Black Out), after which the boss will become vulnerable again and can be defeated quickly due to their lowered health.
Once the Boss has been defeated (or destroyed the Restrainer), Metas will recieve a full-screen popup of their victory (or defeat) and upon a successful victory, they will recieve rewards based on their damage to the Silver Shield, damage to The Boss, damage taken via defensive structures and Healing/Rescuing performed during the duration of the war. If Metas are unsuccessful and the Staroid is destroyed, the player who started the Prime War will recieve an in-game mail with a refund of their Staroid and the Restrainer must be repaired within the Build Menu before the next Prime War can be attempted.
Metas are advised to work together to build defenses, communicate before starting the Prime War (to ensure others can come help) and perform whatever tasks are needed to defeat the boss.

Strategy[]
General Tips[]
Build defenses near the Staroid Restrainer, as the Boss and their minions are going to damage it.
The Boss spawns from a Silver Puddle, usually located near roads. Some Metas can place foundations around the puddle to distract the boss upon its spawn.
To deal the most damage to the Boss's Shield, it is suggested to build Lv.1 and Lv.2 Turrets (formally known as Gatling Cannons), which you can unlock in the Memetics screen - 4th tab, Building, Close Defense Turret and use Biomass Missiles (unlocked in the same Memetic). Metas can access more powerful Gatling Cannons and Missiles using Memetic Specializations, such as "Red Plasma Rounds".
You can build a Turbo Pickup or a Trailer and add Gatling Cannons to it. Do note, you can't spawn a Turbo Pickup or a Trailer, you'll have to drive them to the Prime War locations. To unlock the Turbo Pickup, go to the Memetics screen - 4th tab, Building, Medium Garage and to unlock the Trailer, go to the Memetics screen - 4th tab, Building, Large Garage.
To get 300 points, you can join a Prime War on low health and heal yourself when the event starts.
To get materials for a Gatling Cannon fast, build one in your home and then dismantle it, the materials needed will be transferred into your inventory.
To unlock the next Prime War difficulty, get the highest reward chest - 800, and open it to unlock the next difficulty.
If a Meta has the Memetic Specialization: "Biomass Missle: Ample Munition", they can craft 3 Biomass Missiles for the price of 1, with an additonal perk of having the weight reduced by 80%. If using this Memetic Special, it allows those Metas to become involved in any Prime War and make a net profit, as the rewards for all three chest (on an Easy PW) equal up to ~220 Stardust Source and ~24 Premium Fuel, which would craft 11 Missiles (for 220 source and 11 Fuel), becoming 33 missiles due to the special, in addition to all the other rewards given from PWs too.
