# H37

.mw-parser-output .notice-didyoumean{display:inline-block;border:solid 1px #222;background-color:#AAA;background-color:rgba(128,128,128,0.2);padding:0 1em 0.35em 1em;border-radius:0.3em;font-style:italic;font-size:small}.mw-parser-output .notice-didyoumean>ul{margin-bottom:-0.5em;margin-top:-0.5em}This article is about H37 the NPC, did you mean:H37 (Deviation)?

    
        This article is a stub.
        
You can help the Once Human Wiki by expanding it.

        
    
.mw-parser-output .portable-infobox.type-npc .pi-image-thumbnail{width:100%;height:auto;padding:1em}"Social interaction target acquired. Good morning, good afternoon, or good night, my dear friend."

H37


	
		
		
	
	


	

	
		Type
	
	Story



	
		Location
	
	Greywater Camp(5375,-3235)




Contents

1 Summary
2 Field Guide/Personnel Files
3 Trivia
4 See Also
5 Notes and References



Summary[]
H37 is part of the Realm of Nightmares tasks, she can be found at (5321,-3802) near Refinery Pollution Point, on the second floor inside a small corrugated metal building.
Upon rescuing him from Refinery Pollution Point you gain the Fragments of Memory side task (which will award Players with a H37 Deviation.

Field Guide/Personnel Files[]
Highly Emotional Robot
H37's CPU has never worked quite right. His "mother" has attempted to upgrade his software quite a few times, but so far, nothing seems to have fixed the problem. We simply don't have the manpower to send someone off to go and find better hardware.
We've managed alright so far, though. we've assigned him to keep an eye on our hidden material stores, and given some light admin tasks. He's generally been performing pretty well.
Victor has been asking his "mother" to remove a few of his emotion components,but she refused. She believes H37's AI must have been considered highly advanced in the pre-Starfall world, and she doesn't want to do anything that might compromise that.
Victor warned her of the dangers, and they fought several times over the issue. She held her ground though...

Trivia[]
See Also[]
Notes and References[]
