# Main Page/Story

There have been countless organizations secretly researching the origin of species and civilizations in human history. The most successful organization in modern times is the Rosetta, whose predecessor was the Rosetta Institute established in 1967 by a French human historian Professor Rachael-Pierre-Luberni, who discovered the Rosetta Stone. Rosetta was dedicated to the study of pre-human civilization and pan-cosmology. Then it gradually became a multinational giant in the communication and information industry in public perception, and secretly extended all around the world. Professor Luberni devoted himself to the research on the evolution of ancient human civilizations in his early years. He believed that in human history, there was a civilization that clearly transcended the boundaries of human thinking and ability at that time. Exploring the secrets behind these civilizations would help mankind bring new changes to the modern civilization that had been completely stagnant. With the support of his friend and collaborator Samuel Lowe, Luberni obtained the Rosetta Stone in 1967 and deduced the material from it that did not belong to the Earth.
After extracting the substance, some of the researchers who did not take strict protection were infected and mutated. This substance was the Stardust that would bring catastrophe in the future. It turned out that they have appeared on the earth a long time ago and affected human beings. At the urging of Samuel, Luberni launched Rosetta's space physics project. They reorganized the Rosetta Society into the Rosetta Technology Group and increased funding to Nalcott University in order to conduct their research. In secret, they led the "Silver Key Project",  trying to open and strengthen the influence of heterospace on Stardust.


CONTINUE READING...
