# Regional Records/East Blackfell Junction

Regional Records/East Blackfell Junction[]
Excerpt from Rediscovered
By Denise Cooper
The way I see it, any survivors worth reaching out to. No matter how small, no matter how weak. Even if they're barely surviving. In all honestly, things are a lot better here than I thought they would be. Three people on patrol and foraging duty, while the other two stay behind. It seems like a fairly equitable arrangement, with a clear chain of command. Melanie seems like a brave and capable leader.
I had a very pleasant evening last night... alcohol-free, unfortunately. I had a long, productive chat with Melanie, but I made sure to stay off the dangerous topic of the past, of dead loved ones. Our conversations kept circling back to the Union. Melanie seemed interested, and it's not hard to see why. These people have been wandering the wilderness, alone. The Union's resources, the society we've managed to create... The union can offer a degree of security that these people crave. I hope Melanie decided to join. I like her. Her group would be an excellent asset to the organization.
We also found a number of other significant features in this area. The bridge and the oil wells across the river, for example, were once an old transportation hub. This place could make an excellent new Unit Stronghold - an opportunity for the Union to extend its influence into the Iron River valley. The only potential problem is Rosetta to transfer supplies and manpower. On the eve of Starfall it was hastily evacuated, but according to Melanie, the entire Iron River basin remains firmly in Rosetta's control. "We're like caged animals," Melanie said to me. "Rosetta lets us live for now - but there's no telling when they'll decide to crack down."
Despite that, I can see that Melanie still wants to keep up the resistance. But she needs help. I hope she can come to an agreement with the Union. As for me, I said my goodbyes, and embark on the next leg of our search for survivors, alone.
